now it came to pass when the king was
now it came to pass when the king was dwelling in his house and the Lord had
dwelling in his house and the Lord had
dwelling in his house and the Lord had given him rest from all his enemies all
given him rest from all his enemies all
given him rest from all his enemies all around that the king said to Nathan the
around that the king said to Nathan the
around that the king said to Nathan the prophet see now I dwell in a house of
prophet see now I dwell in a house of
prophet see now I dwell in a house of cedar but the Ark of God dwells inside
cedar but the Ark of God dwells inside
cedar but the Ark of God dwells inside 10 turns go do all that is in your heart
10 turns go do all that is in your heart
10 turns go do all that is in your heart for the Lord is with you but it happened
for the Lord is with you but it happened
for the Lord is with you but it happened that night that the word of the Lord
that night that the word of the Lord
that night that the word of the Lord came to Nathan go and tell my servant
came to Nathan go and tell my servant
came to Nathan go and tell my servant David thus says the Lord would you build
David thus says the Lord would you build
David thus says the Lord would you build a house for me to dwell in for I have
a house for me to dwell in for I have
a house for me to dwell in for I have not dwelt in a house since the time that
not dwelt in a house since the time that
not dwelt in a house since the time that I brought the children of Israel up from
I brought the children of Israel up from
I brought the children of Israel up from Egypt even to this day but have moved
Egypt even to this day but have moved
Egypt even to this day but have moved about in a tent and in a tabernacle
about in a tent and in a tabernacle
about in a tent and in a tabernacle wherever I have moved about with all the
wherever I have moved about with all the
wherever I have moved about with all the children of Israel have I ever spoken a
children of Israel have I ever spoken a
children of Israel have I ever spoken a word to anyone from the tribes of Israel
word to anyone from the tribes of Israel
word to anyone from the tribes of Israel whom I commanded to Shepherd my people
whom I commanded to Shepherd my people
whom I commanded to Shepherd my people Israel saying why have you not built me
Israel saying why have you not built me
Israel saying why have you not built me a house of cedar now therefore thus you
a house of cedar now therefore thus you
a house of cedar now therefore thus you shall say to my servant David thus says
shall say to my servant David thus says
shall say to my servant David thus says the Lord of hosts I took you from the
the Lord of hosts I took you from the
the Lord of hosts I took you from the sheepfold from following the Sheep to be
sheepfold from following the Sheep to be
sheepfold from following the Sheep to be ruler over my people over Israel and I
ruler over my people over Israel and I
ruler over my people over Israel and I have been with you wherever you have
have been with you wherever you have
have been with you wherever you have gone and have cut off all your enemies
gone and have cut off all your enemies
gone and have cut off all your enemies from before you and have made you a
from before you and have made you a
from before you and have made you a great name
great name
great name like the name of the great men who are
like the name of the great men who are
like the name of the great men who are on the earth moreover I will appoint a
on the earth moreover I will appoint a
on the earth moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel and will
place for my people Israel and will
place for my people Israel and will plant them that they may dwell in a
plant them that they may dwell in a
plant them that they may dwell in a place of their own and move no more nor
place of their own and move no more nor
place of their own and move no more nor shall the sons of wickedness oppress
shall the sons of wickedness oppress
shall the sons of wickedness oppress them anymore as previously
them anymore as previously
them anymore as previously since the time that I commanded judges
since the time that I commanded judges
since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel and have
to be over my people Israel and have
to be over my people Israel and have caused you to rest from all your enemies
caused you to rest from all your enemies
caused you to rest from all your enemies also the Lord tells you that he will
also the Lord tells you that he will
also the Lord tells you that he will make you our house when your days are
make you our house when your days are
make you our house when your days are fulfilled and you rest with your
fulfilled and you rest with your
fulfilled and you rest with your father's I will set up your seed after
father's I will set up your seed after
father's I will set up your seed after you who will come from your body and I
you who will come from your body and I
you who will come from your body and I will establish his kingdom he shall
will establish his kingdom he shall
will establish his kingdom he shall build a house for my name and I will
build a house for my name and I will
build a house for my name and I will establish the throne of his kingdom
establish the throne of his kingdom
establish the throne of his kingdom forever I will be his father and he
forever I will be his father and he
forever I will be his father and he shall be my son
shall be my son
shall be my son if he commits iniquity I will chasten
if he commits iniquity I will chasten
if he commits iniquity I will chasten him with the rod of men and with the
him with the rod of men and with the
him with the rod of men and with the blows of the sons of men but my mercy
blows of the sons of men but my mercy
blows of the sons of men but my mercy shall not depart from him as I took it
shall not depart from him as I took it
shall not depart from him as I took it from Saul whom I removed from before you
from Saul whom I removed from before you
from Saul whom I removed from before you and your house and your kingdom shall be
and your house and your kingdom shall be
and your house and your kingdom shall be established forever before you your
established forever before you your
established forever before you your throne shall be established forever
according to all these words and
according to all these words and according to all this vision so Nathan
according to all this vision so Nathan
according to all this vision so Nathan spoke to David then King David went in
spoke to David then King David went in
spoke to David then King David went in and sat before the Lord Who am I Lord
and sat before the Lord Who am I Lord
and sat before the Lord Who am I Lord God and what is my house that you have
God and what is my house that you have
God and what is my house that you have brought me this far and yet this was a
brought me this far and yet this was a
brought me this far and yet this was a small thing in your sight O Lord God and
small thing in your sight O Lord God and
small thing in your sight O Lord God and you have also spoken of your servants
you have also spoken of your servants
you have also spoken of your servants house for a great while to come is this
house for a great while to come is this
house for a great while to come is this the manner of man or Lord God now what
the manner of man or Lord God now what
the manner of man or Lord God now what more can David say to you for you Lord
more can David say to you for you Lord
more can David say to you for you Lord God no your servant for your words sake
God no your servant for your words sake
God no your servant for your words sake and according to your own heart you have
and according to your own heart you have
and according to your own heart you have done all these great things to make your
done all these great things to make your
done all these great things to make your servant know them
servant know them
servant know them therefore you are great Oh Lord God for
therefore you are great Oh Lord God for
therefore you are great Oh Lord God for there is none like you nor is there any
there is none like you nor is there any
there is none like you nor is there any God besides you according to all that we
God besides you according to all that we
God besides you according to all that we have heard with our ears and who is like
have heard with our ears and who is like
have heard with our ears and who is like your people like Israel the one nation
your people like Israel the one nation
your people like Israel the one nation on earth whom God went to redeem for
on earth whom God went to redeem for
on earth whom God went to redeem for himself as a people to make for himself
himself as a people to make for himself
himself as a people to make for himself a name and to do for yourself great and
a name and to do for yourself great and
a name and to do for yourself great and awesome deeds for your land before your
awesome deeds for your land before your
awesome deeds for your land before your people whom you redeemed for yourself
people whom you redeemed for yourself
people whom you redeemed for yourself from Egypt the nations and their gods
from Egypt the nations and their gods
from Egypt the nations and their gods for you have made your people Israel
for you have made your people Israel
for you have made your people Israel your very own people forever and you
your very own people forever and you
your very own people forever and you Lord have become their God now O Lord
Lord have become their God now O Lord
Lord have become their God now O Lord God the word which you have spoken
God the word which you have spoken
God the word which you have spoken concerning your servant and concerning
concerning your servant and concerning
concerning your servant and concerning his house establish it forever
his house establish it forever
his house establish it forever and do as you have said so let your name
and do as you have said so let your name
and do as you have said so let your name be magnified forever saying the Lord of
be magnified forever saying the Lord of
be magnified forever saying the Lord of Hosts is the God over Israel and let the
Hosts is the God over Israel and let the
Hosts is the God over Israel and let the house of your servant David be
house of your servant David be
house of your servant David be established before you for you O Lord of
established before you for you O Lord of
established before you for you O Lord of hosts God of Israel have revealed this
hosts God of Israel have revealed this
hosts God of Israel have revealed this to your servant saying I will build you
to your servant saying I will build you
to your servant saying I will build you a house therefore your servant has found
a house therefore your servant has found
a house therefore your servant has found it in his heart to pray this prayer to
it in his heart to pray this prayer to
it in his heart to pray this prayer to you and now O Lord God you are God and
you and now O Lord God you are God and
you and now O Lord God you are God and your words are true and you have
your words are true and you have
your words are true and you have promised this goodness to your servant
promised this goodness to your servant
promised this goodness to your servant now therefore let it please you to bless
now therefore let it please you to bless
now therefore let it please you to bless the house of your servant that it may
the house of your servant that it may
the house of your servant that it may continue before you forever for you O
continue before you forever for you O
continue before you forever for you O Lord God have spoken it and with your
Lord God have spoken it and with your
Lord God have spoken it and with your blessing let the house of your servant
blessing let the house of your servant
blessing let the house of your servant be blessed for ever
be blessed for ever
be blessed for ever [Music]
you
you [Music]